feat(auth): Add documentation for next step in auth (#2936)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/lib/auth/fragments/ios/signin_next_steps/60_confirm_signup.md

> If you receive `confirmSignUp`, authentication flow could not proceed without confirming the user as part of signup. The next step is to invoke `confirmSignUp` api and follow the confirm signup flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you receive `confirmSignUp` as a next step, sign up could not proceed without confirming user information such as email or phone number. The next step is to invoke the `confirmSignUp` API and follow the confirm signup flow.
```

Author: Updated
